Please read these Terms of Service (collectively with Open990.org, Inc.'s [Privacy Policy](https://www.open990.org/privacy-policy/) and [DMCA Copyright Policy](https://www.open990.org/dmca-copyright-policy/), the "<u>Terms of Service</u>") fully and carefully before using [open990.org](https://www.open990.org/) and/or [open990.com](https://www.990consulting.com/) (each, a "<u>Site</u>" and together, the "<u>Sites</u>") and the services, features or content offered by Open990.org, Inc. ("<u>we</u>", "<u>us</u>" or "<u>our</u>") (together with the Sites, the "<u>Services</u>"). These Terms of Service set forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Sites and the Services.

1.  **Acceptance of Terms of Service**.

    1. By registering for and/or using the Services in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or browsing the Site, you agree to these Terms of Service and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Site by us, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated from time to time without notice to you.

    1. Certain of the Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions specified by us from time to time; your use of such Services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Service by this reference.

    1. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Services, including, without limitation, users who are contributors of content, information, and other materials or services, registered or otherwise.
1.  **Eligibility**. You represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are under age 13, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, use the Services. We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the Services to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. You are solely responsible for ensuring that these Terms of Service are in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you and the right to access the Services is revoked where these Terms of Service or use of the Services is prohibited or to the extent offering, sale or provision of the Services conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation. Further, the Services are offered only for your use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party.
1.  **Content**.
    1.  **Definition**. For purposes of these Terms of Service, the term "<u>Content</u>" includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services. For the purposes of this Agreement, "Content" also includes all User Content (as defined below).
    1.  **Notices and Restrictions**. The Services may contain Content specifically provided by us, our partners or our users and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.
    1.  **Use License**. Subject to these Terms of Service, we grant each user of the Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content solely for purposes of using the Services. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for other than purposes of using the Services is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us. You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content for commercial use or in any way that violates any third party right.
    1.  **Availability of Content**. We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Site or through the Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to remove, edit, move, add, delete, block or otherwise modify any features, functionality, and/or Content available on or through, or downloadable from the Services in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all.
1.  **Rules of Conduct**.
    1.  As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms of Service. You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Services.
    1.  You shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a) take any action or (b) upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any Content on or through the Service, including without limitation any User Content, that:
        1.  infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, right of privacy, or other right of any other person or entity or violates any law or contractual duty (see our [DMCA Copyright Policy](https://www.open990.org/dmca-copyright-policy/));
        1. you know is false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate;
        1. is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, offensive, profane, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by us in our sole discretion;
        1. constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail ("spamming");
        1.  contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of ours or of any third party;
        1. impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives; or
        1. includes anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information.
    1.  You shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by us in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our (or our third party providers') infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted on the Services; (iii) bypass, circumvent or attempt to bypass or circumvent any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Services); (iv) run any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Services; (v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to "crawl" or "spider" any page of the Site; (vi) harvest or scrape any Content from the Services; or (vii) otherwise take any action in violation of our guidelines and policies.
    1.  You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Services (including without limitation any application), except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction, (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the Services, or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder. You shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
    1.  We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users and the public.
1.  **Third Party Services**. The Services may permit you to link to other websites, services or resources on the Internet, and other websites, services or resources may contain links to the Services. When you access third party resources on the Internet, you do so at your own risk. These other resources are not under our control, and you acknowledge that we are not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or resources. References and links to third parties does not imply any endorsement or warranty or any association between us and the third parties. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.
1.  **Termination**. We may terminate your access to all or any part of the Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
1.  **Warranty Disclaimer**.
    1.  The Content contained in or through the Services is provided for information purposes only. Although the Content has been produced from public records believed to be reliable, it may not contain the most current information for any specific organization or person. You are advised to contact the appropriate governmental agency and/or applicable organization or person to confirm or obtain current information.
    1.  Content contained in or through the Services is made available without any guarantees, conditions, warranties or representations as to its accuracy, adequacy, completeness, errors, omissions, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information as well as the results obtained from the use of the information. The Content is not intended to be advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the Content.
    1.  We have no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that we have no duty to take any action regarding:
        1. which users gain access to the Services;
        1. what Content you access via the Services; or
        1.  how you may interpret or use the Content.
    1.  You release us from all liability for you having acquired or not having acquired Content through the Services.
    1.  THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. WE, AND OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS, CONTRACTORS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS AND REPRESENTATIVES DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT: (I) THE SERVICES WILL BE SAFE, SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION AND THAT THE SERVICES WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS; (II) ANY DEFECTS, OMISSIONS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; (III) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICES IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; (IV) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; OR (V) THAT ANY CONTENT, MATERIAL PRODUCTS OR SERVICE OFFERINGS DISPLAYED OR OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, APPROPRIATE, RELIABLE, TIMELY, OPERATIONAL, OR ERROR FREE. YOUR USE OF THE CONTENT AND SERVICE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO ALL APPLICABLE LOCAL, STATE, FEDERAL AND INTERNATIONAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS.
1.  **Indemnification**. You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates and each of our and their respective directors, employees, agents, suppliers, partners, contractors, content providers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the Services, Content, or otherwise from your User Content, violation of these Terms of Service or our Privacy Policy or DMCA Copyright Policy, or infringement by you, or any third party using your Account or identity in the Services, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.
1.  **Limitation of Liability**. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, NOR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS, CONTRACTORS, CONTENT PROVIDERS OR REPRESENTATIVES, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENT OR SERVICES (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, COMPENSATORY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (HOWEVER ARISING), (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF the greater of (A) fees paid to us for the particular Services during the immediately previous three (3) month period or (B) $500.00.
1. **Governing Law and Jurisdiction**. These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, including its conflicts of law rules, and the United States of America. You agree that any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms of Service shall be governed by the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and Federal courts of New York, New York, USA.
1. **Modification**. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms of Service, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Services (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Site or by sending you notice through the Services, via e-mail or by another appropriate means of electronic communication. We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. While we will timely provide notice of modifications, it is also your responsibility to check these Terms of Service periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Services following notification of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes, which will apply to your continued use of the Services going forward. Your use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Service in effect at the time of such use.
1. **Miscellaneous**.
    1.  **Entire Agreement and Severability**. These Terms of Service are the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Services, including use of the Site, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and us with respect to the Services. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Service will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
    1.  **Force Majeure**. We shall not be liable for any failure to perform our obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation.
    1.  **Assignment**. These Terms of Service are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with our prior written consent. We may assign, transfer or delegate any of our rights and obligations hereunder without consent.
    1.  **Agency**. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of these Terms of Service and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.
    1.  **Notices**. Unless otherwise specified in these Term of Service, all notices under these Terms of Service will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service. Electronic notices should be sent to [info@open990.org.](mailto:inquiries@open990.org)
    1.  **No Waiver**. Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of these Terms of Service. Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean that we will waive compliance in the future. In order for any waiver of compliance with these Terms of Service to be binding, we must provide you with written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized representatives.
    1.  **Headings**. The section and paragraph headings in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation.

**Contact**. You may contact us by email at [info@open990.org](mailto:inquiries@open990.org) or at PO Box 1209, Maplewood, NJ 07040.

**Effective Date of Terms of Service**: August 30, 2019 revised July 30, 2020.
